Create mirror-master-and-main.yml (#802)
open-sauced/open-sauced: CONTRIBUTING.md

### _We actively welcome your pull requests, however linking your work to an existing issue is preferred._

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `main`.

> 1. Name your branch something that is descriptive to the work you are doing. i.e. adds-new-thing or fixes-modbile-render

Reviewer: You can slide in a quick typo fix in this PR as well.
`fixes-modbile-render` to `fixes-mobile-render`

> 1. Name your branch something that is descriptive to the work you are doing. i.e. adds-new-thing or fixes-modbile-render

Author: ```suggestion
1. Name your branch something that is descriptive to the work you are doing. i.e. adds-new-thing or fixes-mobile
```
